Forum Rules
1. No Spam / Advertising / Self-promote in the forums
These forums define spam as unsolicited advertisement for goods, services and/or other web sites, or posts with little, or completely unrelated content. Do not spam the forum with links to your site or product, or try to self-promote your website, business or forums etc.

2. Do not post copyright-infringing material
Providing or asking for information on how to illegally obtain copyrighted materials is forbidden.

3. Do not post “offensive” posts, links or images
Any material which constitutes defamation, harassment, or abuse is strictly prohibited. Material that is sexually or otherwise obscene, racist, or otherwise overly discriminatory is not permitted on these forums. This includes user pictures. Use common sense while posting.

4. Do not cross post questions
Please refrain from posting the same question in several forums. There is normally one forum which is most suitable in which to post your question.

5. Remain respectful of other members at all times
All posts should be professional and courteous. You have every right to disagree with your fellow community members and explain your perspective.

However, you are not free to attack, degrade, insult, or otherwise belittle them or the quality of this community. It does not matter what title or power you hold in these forums, you are expected to obey this rule.

General Forum Questions

Q)Am I allowed more than one account?

No, there is no reason why you should have more than one account at KMIT Forum. If you are banned from the forums, please do not create a new account. 
What happens if I break a rule?

Q)If you break a rule, then you will either be warned or banned. A ban of your user account may either be temporary or permanent.

The administrators also have the right to edit or delete thread or post as they see necessary, without prior warning.

What happens if I see a thread/post which has broken a rule?

Please report the thread/post to the admin.